An area of acceptable risk for some companies, especially if they are smaller and more local businesses, is allowing or encouraging employees to bring their own device. According to Dr. Andre Slonopas Assistant Department Chair in the Department of Strategic Intelligence from American Public University, personal devices like phones and computers are generally more vulnerable due to weaker security measures like updates, mixture of personal and business data, and additional attack vectors from installed applications (2024). A prime example of this is in late 2016 when Apple approved an app for the App Store called "PG Client - a better client for dirbbble," which was intentionally misnamed and supplied incorrect product photos to secretly contain an iOS jailbreaking tool (Werthele 2016). The iOS App Store is a digital landscape where Apple manually approves apps and updates to ensure high security, but with the high volume of applications being checked by Apple, some are bound to accidentally get through, which may have severe security vulnerabilities.

Though fortunately with almost any attack, the risk can be mitigated to allow for the convenience for personal devices, without opening as large of an attack surface. First and foremost Slonopas says to continue using traditional network security practices, such as Network Access Control (NAC), Virtual Private Networks (VPNs), and network traffic monitoring (Slonopas, 2023). Next, when data is being transferred between devices and services, ensure that data is encrypted while avoiding insecure networks to prevent attacks such as man-in-the-middle. Finally communication, communicating what is sensitive data and training for how to use it prevents important data from being exposed in the first place (2024). When employees are aware of the risks to work they and their colleagues collaborate on, it allows employees to check each other to ensure everyone's working securely.

There are many reasons a company may want to run their business using employee devices, namely working remotely and cost of supplying devices to everyone. The company I personally work for is really small, and does not have the means to supply every employee with a computer capable of the high compute tasks required of us. While not a requirement, this company prefers to allow employees to use their own compute when possible to cut down on the number of devices to buy, maintain, and eventually dispose of. In other cases, it may be a necessary emergency requirement that someone who is traveling on the company's behalf, needs to remotely reconfigure  infrastructure as soon as possible. Being able to on-the-fly connect to the company's infrastructure and make configuration changes may be a net reduction in overall risk, since a larger attack surface may be able to destroyed.

Works Cited

Slonopas, A. (2024, April 4). _BYOD Security Risks and the implications for organizations_. American Public University. https://www.apu.apus.edu/area-of-study/information-technology/resources/byod-security-risks-and-the-implications-for-organizations/

Slonopas, A. (2023, December 1). _What is network security? How to keep networks safe_. American Public University. https://www.apu.apus.edu/area-of-study/information-technology/resources/what-is-network-security-how-to-keep-networks-safe/

Wuerthele, M. (2016, August 29). Apple briefly allows, pulls jailbreak app on iOS App Store. _AppleInsider_. https://appleinsider.com/articles/16/08/29/apple-briefly-allows-pulls-jailbreak-app-on-ios-app-store