**Definition**: Risk in terms of cybersecurity is related to digital infrastructure, and how it may be maliciously taken advantage of. This is because risk can take many forms, such as data being stolen, unauthorized running of processes, or even social engineering as a means to take advantage of an authorized person. [Washington University in St. Louis](https://informationsecurity.wustl.edu/vulnerabilities-threats-and-risks-explained/) (WUSTL) breaks risk down into two main components: vulnerabilities, and threats. Vulnerabilities ask the question "How could harm occur," like leaving a computer signed in, while threats ask "Who or what could cause harm?". Threats use vulnerabilities to create a risk for users and employees to ultimately create a risk for everyone involved, which again according to WUSTL is calculated by the probability of a threat occurring multiplied by the cost of the asset to the owner. However while risk is a quantifiable measurement, it's variables are often times estimations since probability, and costs like opportunity cost aren't completely known.

**Professional Work**: The small local TV station I work for learned the source of a problem for our website directly related to risk. A previous employee held onto the ownership of the company domain and website, leaving it unmaintained. The risk itself was allowing the website to be made under a personal account, rather one tracked by our company, though wasn't initially considered for years due to the company being on good terms with the individual. As of today, the website and domain have handed back over to our company.

**Personal Life Risk**: Recently I've been deploying self hosted services for bulk file storage, photos, and video. While a negligible amount of risk on a local network, that risk rises substantially if/when exposed to the internet. I've been doing a very slow roll out of these services, using a local reverse proxy and a Cloudflare proxy to limit the kinds of traffic allowed to access the sign-in portals for these services, as well as enforcing security protocols like HTTPS.

Sources:
Puzder, D. (2023, April 27). _Vulnerabilities, threats, and risks explained_. Office of Information Security. https://informationsecurity.wustl.edu/vulnerabilities-threats-and-risks-explained/