Learning that a router has been misconfigured to allow for internal or private data to be public is a prime example of necessary immediate action in cybersecurity. Notably Gamers Nexus in 2024 found that PC assemblers and component OEMs MSI and Zotac both, at about the same time, leaked customer and business documents which includes names, addresses, payment information, conversations, and company finances. This information was eventually indexed by Google, allowing normal users to search through all of these documents. Based on what was leaked, Gamers Nexus speculates that the files leaked by Zotac were largely documents used in external communications, which at times includes the previously mentioned sensitive information. On MSI's side, Gamers Nexus found 613,626 tickets for RMA and warranty claims were leaked in 2024 going back to 2017 in a searchable database (also indexed by Google) at the domain intranet.miscomputer.com.

The misconfigured routers needed to be patched as soon as possible because of the scale and sensitivity of the information being actively leaked. While the leak itself can prove to be a very powerful lesson, the repercussions may be challenging as competitors can use this information to cross check pricing between its competitors, and scammers can appear more realistic by using leaked customer data. Thus the size and management of the company are largely irrelevant factors as the importance of this particular data is the driving factor.

Another example of needing to take immediate prompt mitigation is the discovery of an SQL(i) injection exploit, which is ranked third by MITRE as the third largest software security weakness in 2023. Due to this being such a prevalent issue, the CISA and FBI have issued warnings and guidance for preventing SQL injections. According to the FBI and CISA, API calls "...should use parameterized queries with prepared statements to separate SQL code from user-supplied data..." (CISA, 2024). This would require that user-facing software has no concept of SQL, and instead uses a JSON query that's sent to an API, and translated into SQL for the database by the API. 

Similar to misconfigured routers, this 